Headers updates (#1664)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/migrations/migrating-from-netlify/index.md

# Migrating from Netlify to Pages

In this tutorial, you will learn how to deploy your Netlify application to Cloudflare Pages.

<Aside>

> Features such as Netlify's Forms and Serverless Functions are currently not supported in Cloudflare Pages. Cloudflare Pages does not _directly_ support HTTP header customization, but it can be done through a Worker. Follow the ["Add custom HTTP headers"](/how-to/add-custom-http-headers) guide for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Features such as Netlify's Forms and Serverless Functions are currently not supported in Cloudflare Pages. Cloudflare Pages does not _directly_ support HTTP header customization, but it can be done through a Worker. Follow the ["Add custom HTTP headers"](/how-to/add-custom-http-headers) guide for more information.
```
```suggestion
Features such as Netlify's Forms and Serverless Functions are currently not supported in Cloudflare Pages. Cloudflare Pages does not directly support HTTP header customization, but it can be done through Workers. Refer to the ["Add custom HTTP headers"](/how-to/add-custom-http-headers) guide for more information.
```

> You should already have an existing project deployed on Netlify that you would like to host on Cloudflare Pages. Features such as Netlify's Forms and Serverless Functions are currently not supported in Cloudflare Pages. Cloudflare does support HTTP header customization, which can be done following the [Add custom HTTP headers guide](/how-to/add-custom-http-headers).

Reviewer: I don't think we need to say "need to have a Netlify X" on a Netlify migration page. Also, we _do_ support HTTP header manipulation, just not thru the same means

```suggestion
Features such as Netlify's Forms and Serverless Functions are currently not supported in Cloudflare Pages. Cloudflare Pages does not _directly_ support HTTP header customization, but it can be done through a Worker. Follow the ["Add custom HTTP headers"](/how-to/add-custom-http-headers) guide for more information.
```
